Hello! Washington, D.C. sits on the Potomac River.
This river is important to the history and culture of the city.
Today, I am at an outdoor seafood market near the Potomac River.
Some say it is the oldest outdoor seafood market in the United States!
I am here to buy seafood.
Let’s see what they have!
Excuse me. Can you help me?
●●●
●●
●
Sure! What do you need?
Pete!
●●●
●●
●
Anna!
What are you doing here?
●●●
●●
●
I work here.
You know, it’s not easy to be a writer.
Yeah, I heard that. Sorry.
●●●
●●
●
But this job is great.
I work outside by the river.
And I can eat all the free seafood I want!
That is great, Pete.
In fact, I am here to buy some seafood for my dinner party.
●●●
●●
●
You came to the right place.
They have the freshest seafood in town.
How much money can you spend?
I can only spend $50.
●●●
●●
●
Okay. What do you want?
First, I want to buy some shrimp.
●●●
●●
●
Sure thing. Follow me.
How much shrimp do you want?
How much do I need for five people?
●●●
●●
●
Give her a pound of shrimp!
Ok, now I want to buy some crabs.
●●●
●●
●
The crabs here are delicious!
They are the best because they come from the nearby Chesapeake Bay!
Walk this way.
How many crabs do you want?
I want a dozen crabs.
●●●
●●
●
You should get the larger crabs.
They have the most meat.
Then I want a dozen large crabs, please!
●●●
●●
●
Is that everything you need?
Let’s see… I have shrimp and crabs.
And a friend is bringing a salad and many ears of corn-on-the-cob.
●●●
●●
●
Is that all the seafood that you need?
Yes.
●●●
●●
●
That’ll be $49.95.
Cash or credit?
Credit, please.
●●●
●●
●
Anna, you love to eat seafood.
Did you grow up on the water?
No, I didn’t.
But I love the water.
And I love being on the water.
●●●
●●
●
You know how to sail?
Well … this afternoon I am going on a boat.
●●●
●●
●
You are full of surprises.
What kind of boat?
Is it a motorboat or a sailboat?
It’s a special boat, Pete.
Well, thanks for your help.
See you later!
●●●
●●
●
See you, Anna!
Wow, Anna’s a sailor!
Who knew?
Yes, rivers are important to the history and culture of Washington, D.C.
And now I am part of this city’s interesting waterfront culture.
Until next time!